pages/docs/functions/misc/findObjectProperty.md, before:

---
title: $findObjectProperty
description: $findObjectProperty will search for a given property of an object and return it.
id: findObjectProperty
---

`$findObjectProperty` will search for a given property of an object and return it.

## Usage

```php
$findObjectProperty[objectName;...properties]
```

## Parameters

| Field                                       | Type                                                                                              | Description             | Required |
| ------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------- | :------: |
| objectName                                  | [object](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object) |
| JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object) | The object name.                                                                                  | true                    |
| ...properties                               | [string](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String) | Name of the properties. |   true   |

## Example(s)

This will return `{"Leref": "Ferel"}` as it was able to find "object":

```javascript
client.command({
  name: "findObjectProperty",
  code: `
  $findObjectProperty[Object Name;Leref]
  $createObject[Object Name;{"Leref": "Ferel", "aoi.js": "dbd.js"}]
  `
});
```

Commit message:

Fixed Table Markdowns (#145)
* $modifyApplicationCommand: Fixed links in tables

* $loop: Fixed links in tables

* $createChannelInvite: Fixed links in tables

* $cloneObject: Fixed issues inside the table

* $findObjectProperty: Fixed issues inside the table

Fixed the links inside the table.
Added missing "format?" parameter.

* forEachGuild: Fixed issues inside the table

* forEachGuildChannel: Fixed issues inside the table

* $isValidObject: Fixed issues inside the table

* $guildChannelExists: Fixed issues inside the table

* $guildCreatePost: Fixed issues inside the table

* $modifyRole: Fixed issues inside the table

* $setApplicationCommandPermissions: Fixed issues inside the table

* $createObject: Fixed issues inside the table

* $forEachMember: Fixed issues inside the table

* $forEachUser: Fixed issues inside the table

* Update forEachMember.md

* $pruneMembers: Fixed issues inside the table

* $forEachRole: Fixed issues inside the table

* $queue: Fixed issues inside the table

* $songInfo: Fixed issues inside the table

* $removeApplicationCommandPermissions: Fixed issues inside the table

* Update index.mdx

Fixed the incorrect client reference of the example ping command by replacing "bot" with "client."

pages/docs/functions/misc/findObjectProperty.md, after:

---
title: $findObjectProperty
description: $findObjectProperty will search for a given property of an object and return it.
id: findObjectProperty
---

`$findObjectProperty` will search for a given property of an object and return it.

## Usage

```php
$findObjectProperty[objectName;property;format?]
```

## Parameters

| Field      | Type                                                                                                | Description                                                   | Required |
| ---------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- | :------: |
| objectName | [string](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)   | The object's name.                                            |   true   |
| property   | [string](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)   | Name of the property to be searched.                          |   true   |
| format?    | [boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean) | Format the output?<br/>1. **true**<br/>2. **false** (default) |   false  |

## Example(s)

This will return `{"Leref": "Ferel"}` as it was able to find "object":

```javascript
client.command({
  name: "findObjectProperty",
  code: `
  $findObjectProperty[Object Name;Leref]
  $createObject[Object Name;{"Leref": "Ferel", "aoi.js": "dbd.js"}]
  `
});
```
