src/content/docs/functions/automod/createAutomodRule.md, before:

---
title: $createAutomodRule
description: $createAutomodRule will create a new Discord Automod Rule for the given guild.
id: createAutomodRule
---

`$createAutomodRule` will create a new Discord Automod Rule for the given guild.

## Usage

```php
$createAutomodRule[guildID;name;triggerType;triggerMetadata;actions;enabled?;exemptRoles?;exemptChannels?;reason?]
```

## Parameters

| Field           | Type                                                                                                | Description                                                                                                           | Required |
|-----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|
| guildID         | [number](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number)   | The ID of the guild where the automod rule should be created in.                                                      | true     |
| name            | [string](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)   | The name of the new Automod Rule.                                                                                     | true     |
| triggerType     | [number](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number)   | The [trigger type](https://discord-api-types.dev/api/discord-api-types-v10/enum/AutoModerationRuleTriggerType).       | true     |
| triggerMetadata | [object](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object)   | The [trigger metadata](https://old.discordjs.dev/#/docs/discord.js/main/typedef/AutoModerationTriggerMetadata).       | true     |
| actions         | [object](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object)   | The [action performed when triggered](https://old.discordjs.dev/#/docs/discord.js/main/typedef/AutoModerationAction). | true     |
| enabled?        | [boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean) | Enable the automod rule?                                                                                              | false    |
| exemptRoles?    | [string](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)   | Exempt Roles from this Automod Rule, administrators are exempt my default. Split multiples roles with commas.         | false    |
| exemptChannels? | [string](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)   | Exempt Channels from this Automod Rule. Split multiples channels with commas (``)                                     | false    |
| reason?         | [string](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)   | The reason displayed in the guild's audit logs.                                                                       | false    |

## Example(s)

This will create a automod rule which blocks the words (type: 1) "bad" & "words":

```javascript
client.command({
  name: "createAutomodRule",
  code: `
  $createAutomodRule[$guildID;Block Bad Words;1;{ "keywordFilter": ["bad", "words"]};[{ "type": 1 }];true;;;This is a reason!]
  `
});
```

Commit message:

6.8 docs (#155)
* partial 6.8 docs

* v6.8 docs

* refactor: sidebar

* bump: deps

* refactor: sidebar

* fix: styles

* remove: styles

* fix: svg blocking view

* feat: page authors

* feat: guides

* fix: missing space

* refactor: remove unused imports

* feat: rewrite variables guide

* refactor: change order/update roles

* fix: automod examples

* fix: ordinal numbers

* feat: emojiURL

* fix: formatting of guildEmojiExists

* feat: arrange

* fix: invalid hyperlink

* refactor: move emojiURL to misc

* refactor: remove info category

* fix: file structure (info category)

* fix: avatar using static url instead of path

* List slash option types

* update config

* Remove the non functional hyperlink to option types

* updating config

* update config

* fix: remove link validation

* Remove one leftover from forums version + slight changes at Notes

* Update table contents

* reduce confusion and minor changes to choices

* Fix some stuff and change choice reply section name

* Change specific meaning for respond cmds part

* Change section name for slash cmd reply part

* Change specific meaning for creating a slash interaction cmd part

* Fix hasComponents example

* bump starlight

* fix: missing bracket

* Slightly update the text at example usage part

* fix: new usage of commandsCount

* feat: getArray

* feat: emojiName

* fix: setup

* fix: spelling

feat: slash creator

bump

* prettier -w

---------

Co-authored-by: AstrooKai <zerotwo.on.discord@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: dodoGames <69091682+DodoGames7@users.noreply.github.com>

src/content/docs/functions/automod/createAutomodRule.md, after:

---
title: $createAutomodRule
description: $createAutomodRule will create a new Discord Automod Rule for the given guild.
id: createAutomodRule
---

`$createAutomodRule` will create a new Discord Automod Rule for the given guild.

## Usage

```php
$createAutomodRule[guildID;name;enabled?;reason?]
```

## Parameters

| Field    | Type                                                                                                | Description                                                      | Required |
| -------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| guildID  | [number](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number)   | The ID of the guild where the automod rule should be created in. | true     |
| name     | [string](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)   | The name of the new Automod Rule.                                | true     |
| enabled? | [boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean) | Enable the automod rule?                                         | false    |
| reason?  | [string](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)   | The reason displayed in the guild's audit logs.                  | false    |

## Example(s)

This will create a automod rule which blocks slur words:

```javascript
client.command({
    name: "createAutomodRule",
    code: `
    $createAutomodRule[$guildid;Automod Rule;true;Creating a new rule!]
    $setAutomodPreset[Slurs]
    $setAutomodType[Keyword]
    $setAutomodActions[BlockMessage;$channelId;60;You tried to say slurs, you got blocked!]  
  `
});
```
