src/content/docs/guides/other/parser.mdx, before:

---
title: Parser
description: This guide explains how to properly use embed parsers and component parsers. Including basics and examples.
type: guide
id: parser
og_image: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aoijs/website/main/src/images/og/17.png
---

import DiscordComponents from "../../../../components/DiscordMessage/DiscordComponents";

### Table of Contents

-   [ExtraOptions/Options Parser Functions](#extraoptionsoptions-parser-functions)
-   [Embed Parser](#embed-parser)
    -   [Embed Parser Functions](#embed-parser-functions)
-   [Components Parser](#components-parser)
    -   [Button Parser](#button-parser)
        -   [Button Types](#button-types)
    -   [Select Menu Parser](#select-menu-parser)
    -   [Interaction Modal Parser](#interaction-modal-parser)
-   [Parsers Examples](#parsers-examples)
    -   [Embed Parser](#embed-parser-1)
    -   [Components Parser](#components-parser-1)
        -   [Button Parser](#button-parser-1)
        -   [Select Menu Parser](#select-menu-parser-1)
        -   [Interaction Modal Parser](#interaction-modal-parser-1)

---

## ExtraOptions/Options Parser Functions

```aoi
{execute:awaitedCommand} // executes an awaited command
{reply:messageId:reply?} // replies to a given message
{interaction} // declares reply as an interaction
{ephemeral} // declares interaction as ephemeral
{reactions:...reactions} // adds reactions to a message
{attachment:attachmentName:attachment} // sends file, image as attachment
{file:fileName:content} // creates a text file with the given content
{deleteCommand} // deletes the command which was used to execute the command
{deleteIn:time} // deletes the given reply within the provided time
{suppress} // suppress the output
```

These parser can only be used within specific functions, for example:
`$sendMessage`, `$channelSendMessage` or similar. This includes functions like `$onlyIf`.

---

## Embed Parser

Embed Parser are handy to use once you know how, this section will be covering the basics about embed parsers.

:::tip

You require `{newEmbed:{...}}` every time you want to use embed parsers.

:::

### Embed Parser Functions

```aoi
{title:text} // Adds title to the embed.
{url:URL} // Adds clickable link to the title.
{description:text} // Adds description to the embed.
{color:...} // Adds color to the side of the embed.
{footer:text:icon?} // Adds footer to the embed with either small image on the left of the footer or none.
{image:URL} // Adds big image at the bottom of the embed.
{thumbnail:URL} // Adds a small image in the right-upper-corner.
{author:name:icon?} // Adds text above the title with either a small icon on the left or none.
{authorURL:URL} // Adds clickable link to the author.
{field:title:value:inline? (true / false)} // Adds fields to the embed, which is either inline or not.
{timestamp:ms?} // Adds a timestamp to the embed.
```

---

## Components Parser

:::tip

For every component parser is one thing always the same, `{actionRow:{...}}`. We use that to declare the arguments inside of it as components.

:::

### Button Parser

Usage:

```bash
{button:label:style:customID:disabled? (true / false):emoji?}
```

#### Button Types

|   Name    | Value |                                                                                                                              Color |                                                                               |
| :-------: | :---: | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
|  Primary  |   1   |                                                                                                                            blurple | `{button:Button:primary:customID:false}`                                      |
| Secondary |   2   |                                                                                                                               grey | `{button:Button:secondary:customID:false}`                                    |
|  Success  |   3   |                                                                                                                              green | `{button:Button:success:customID:false}`                                      |
|  Danger   |   4   |                                                                                                                                red | `{button:Button:danger:customID:false}`                                       |
|   Link    |   5   |                                                                                                           grey, navigates to a URL | `{button:Button:link:https\\:aoi.js.org/invite:false}`                        |
|   Emoji   |   -   |                                                                                                          primary button with emoji | `{button:Button:primary:customID:false:emojiName or emojiID or emoji String}` |
|  Premium  |   6   | premium button that allows purchases (only usable if you have monitarization enabled & converts automatically to user's currency!) | `{button:Button:premium:skuID:false}` |

<br />

<DiscordComponents client:load transition:persist client:only="react"
    bot="All possible button types!"
    buttons={[
    { label: "Button", type: "primary", customId: "customId_1", row: 0, "emoji-name": "👋", emoji: "https://www.svgrepo.com/show/407719/waving-hand.svg" },
    { label: "Button", type: "secondary", customId: "customId_2", row: 0  },
    { label: "Button", type: "success", customId: "customId_5", row: 0 },
    { label: "Button", type: "destructive", customId: "customId_3", row: 0 },
    { label: "Button", type: "link", url: "https://aoi.js.org/invite", row: 0 },
    { label: "Product Name – $2.99", type: "primary", customId: "premium_button", row: 1, "emoji-name": "👋", emoji: "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aoijs/website/refs/heads/main/public/premium-button.svg" },
    { label: "Product Name – $299.99", type: "primary", customId: "premium_button", row: 1, "emoji-name": "👋", emoji: "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aoijs/website/refs/heads/main/public/premium-button.svg" },
    ]}
/>

### Select Menu Parser

Select Menu Parser Usage:

```aoi
{selectMenu:customID:placeholder:minValue:maxValue:default(true / false):...options}

{stringInput:optionName:customID:optionDescription:default? (true / false):emoji?}

// for every option you want to add to the select menu, you can use the following:
{roleInput}

{channelInput}

{mentionableInput}

{userInput}
```

### Interaction Modal Parser

Interaction Modal Parser Usage:

```bash
{textInput:label:style:customID:required? (true / false):placeholder?:minLength?:maxLength?:defaultValue?}
```

## Parsers Examples

Below are simple examples of each parser and how to use them.

### Embed Parser

**Embed with title, footer, image and field.**

```bash
{newEmbed:{title:Another Awesome Example !}{image:https://cdn.discordapp.com/banners/773352845738115102/01e9a05d24039fe562bcc8ab95e721f8.webp?size=4096}{field:This is a field title!:And a field description which is not inline!:false}{footer:Example #2}}
```

<br />

<DiscordComponents
    client:load transition:persist
    client:only="react"
    bot=""
    embeds={[
        {
            title: "Another Awesome Example !",
            image: "https://cdn.discordapp.com/banners/773352845738115102/01e9a05d24039fe562bcc8ab95e721f8.webp?size=4096",
            fields: [
                {
                    title: "This is a field title!",
                    value: "And a field description which is not inline!",
                    inline: false
                }
            ],
            footer: "Example #2"
        }
    ]}
/>

---

### Components Parser

#### Button Parser

##### Two buttons each one in a different row.

```bash
{actionRow:{button:Button:secondary:button1}}{actionRow:{button:Button:primary:button2}}
```

<br />

<DiscordComponents
    client:load transition:persist
    client:only="react"
    bot="Two buttons each one in a different row."
    buttons={[
        { label: "Button", type: "secondary", customId: "button1", row: 0 },
        { label: "Button", type: "primary", customId: "button2", row: 1 }
    ]}
/>

##### Three buttons, one with emoji.

```bash
{actionRow:{button:Button:primary:button1:false}{button:Button:primary:button2:false}{button:Button:danger:button3:false:👋}}
```

<br />

<DiscordComponents
    client:load transition:persist
    client:only="react"
    bot="Three buttons, one with emoji."
    buttons={[
        { label: "Button", type: "primary", customId: "customId_1", row: 0 },
        { label: "Button", type: "primary", customId: "customId_2", row: 0 },
        { label: "Button", type: "destructive", customId: "customId_3", row: 0, "emoji-name": "👋", emoji: "https://www.svgrepo.com/show/407719/waving-hand.svg" }
    ]}
/>

#### Select Menu Parser

##### Single-Select Menu with two options

```bash
{actionRow:{selectMenu:customID:Placeholder:1:1:false:{stringInput:Option1:1:OptionDescription1:false:👋}{stringInput:Option2:2:OptionDescription2:false}}}
```

##### Multi-Select Menu with three options and a maximum of 2 selectable options

```bash
{actionRow:{selectMenu:customID:Placeholder:1:2:false:{stringInput:Option1:1:OptionDescription1:false:👋}{stringInput:Option2:2:OptionDescription2:false}{stringInput:Option3:3:OptionDescription3:false}}}
```

<br />

<DiscordComponents client:load transition:persist client:only="react"
    bot="Look at the components!"
    selectMenus={[{
        label: "I am a string select menu!",
        description: "This is a description!",
        disabled: false,
        options: [
            { label: "Option 1", description: "First option!", emoji: "https://www.svgrepo.com/show/407719/waving-hand.svg" },
            { label: "Option 2", description: "Second option!" },
        ],
    }, {
        label: "I am another string select menu!",
        placeholder: "Option2",
        description: "This is a description!",
        disabled: true,
        options: [
            { label: "Option 1", description: "First option!" },
            { label: "Option 2", description: "Second option!" },
        ],
    }]}
/>

#### Other Select Menus

:::tip

This applies to every other type (user, channel, mentionable)!

:::

##### User Select Menu

```bash
{actionRow:{selectMenu:customID:Placeholder:1:1:false:{userInput}}}
```

#### Interaction Modal Parser

##### Modal with two fields one being normal sized and the other being bigger.

```bash
{actionRow:{textInput:ExampleTitle1:1:customID1:true}}{actionRow:{textInput:ExampleTitle2:2:customID2:false}}
```

Commit message:

Message Components Update (#238)
* fix: macros.md

* add: message components v2

src/content/docs/guides/other/parser.mdx, after:

---
title: Parser
description: This guide explains how to properly use embed parsers and component parsers. Including basics and examples.
type: guide
id: parser
og_image: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aoijs/website/main/src/images/og/17.png
---

import DiscordComponents from "../../../../components/DiscordMessage/DiscordComponents";

### Table of Contents

-   [ExtraOptions/Options Parser Functions](#extraoptionsoptions-parser-functions)
-   [Embed Parser](#embed-parser)
    -   [Embed Parser Functions](#embed-parser-functions)
-   [Components Parser](#components-parser)
    -   [Button Parser](#button-parser)
        -   [Button Types](#button-types)
    -   [Select Menu Parser](#select-menu-parser)
    -   [Interaction Modal Parser](#interaction-modal-parser)
-   [Parsers Examples](#parsers-examples)
    -   [Embed Parser](#embed-parser-1)
    -   [Components Parser](#components-parser-1)
        -   [Button Parser](#button-parser-1)
        -   [Select Menu Parser](#select-menu-parser-1)
        -   [Interaction Modal Parser](#interaction-modal-parser-1)

---

## ExtraOptions/Options Parser Functions

```aoi
{execute:awaitedCommand} // executes an awaited command
{reply:messageId:reply?} // replies to a given message
{interaction} // declares reply as an interaction
{ephemeral} // declares interaction as ephemeral
{reactions:...reactions} // adds reactions to a message
{attachment:attachmentName:attachment} // sends file, image as attachment
{file:fileName:content} // creates a text file with the given content
{deleteCommand} // deletes the command which was used to execute the command
{deleteIn:time} // deletes the given reply within the provided time
{suppress} // suppress the output
```

These parser can only be used within specific functions, for example:
`$sendMessage`, `$channelSendMessage` or similar. This includes functions like `$onlyIf`.

---

## Embed Parser

Embed Parser are handy to use once you know how, this section will be covering the basics about embed parsers.

:::tip

You require `{newEmbed:{...}}` every time you want to use embed parsers.

:::

### Embed Parser Functions

```aoi
{title:text} // Adds title to the embed.
{url:URL} // Adds clickable link to the title.
{description:text} // Adds description to the embed.
{color:...} // Adds color to the side of the embed.
{footer:text:icon?} // Adds footer to the embed with either small image on the left of the footer or none.
{image:URL} // Adds big image at the bottom of the embed.
{thumbnail:URL} // Adds a small image in the right-upper-corner.
{author:name:icon?} // Adds text above the title with either a small icon on the left or none.
{authorURL:URL} // Adds clickable link to the author.
{field:title:value:inline? (true / false)} // Adds fields to the embed, which is either inline or not.
{timestamp:ms?} // Adds a timestamp to the embed.
```

## Message Components


:::tip

You require `{newContainer:{...}}` or `{newSection:{...}}` wrappers to declare components in your messages.

:::

### Message Components Functions

```aoi
{color:DiscordResolvableColor} // Sets the color for the container.
{spoiler:true/false} // Marks the container or media as a spoiler.
{text:content} // Adds a text display component inside a section or container.
{thumbnail:URL:spoiler?:description?} // Adds a thumbnail with optional spoiler and description.
{button:label:style:custom_id:disabled?:emoji?} // Adds a button with label and style.
{actionRow:{...}} // Defines an action row to group buttons or select menus.
{gallery:{media:URL:spoiler?:description?}} // Adds a media gallery containing one or more media items.
{media:URL:spoiler?:description?} // Defines a single media item inside a gallery.
{separator:divider?:type?} // Adds a separator line with optional boolean divider (true/false) and numeric type.
{file:filename:spoiler?} // Adds a file attachment with optional spoiler flag.
```

---

## Components Parser

:::tip

For every component parser is one thing always the same, `{actionRow:{...}}`. We use that to declare the arguments inside of it as components.

:::

### Button Parser

Usage:

```bash
{button:label:style:customID:disabled? (true / false):emoji?}
```

#### Button Types

|   Name    | Value |                                                                                                                              Color |                                                                               |
| :-------: | :---: | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
|  Primary  |   1   |                                                                                                                            blurple | `{button:Button:primary:customID:false}`                                      |
| Secondary |   2   |                                                                                                                               grey | `{button:Button:secondary:customID:false}`                                    |
|  Success  |   3   |                                                                                                                              green | `{button:Button:success:customID:false}`                                      |
|  Danger   |   4   |                                                                                                                                red | `{button:Button:danger:customID:false}`                                       |
|   Link    |   5   |                                                                                                           grey, navigates to a URL | `{button:Button:link:https\\:aoi.js.org/invite:false}`                        |
|   Emoji   |   -   |                                                                                                          primary button with emoji | `{button:Button:primary:customID:false:emojiName or emojiID or emoji String}` |
|  Premium  |   6   | premium button that allows purchases (only usable if you have monitarization enabled & converts automatically to user's currency!) | `{button:Button:premium:skuID:false}` |

<br />

<DiscordComponents client:load transition:persist client:only="react"
    bot="All possible button types!"
    buttons={[
    { label: "Button", type: "primary", customId: "customId_1", row: 0, "emoji-name": "👋", emoji: "https://www.svgrepo.com/show/407719/waving-hand.svg" },
    { label: "Button", type: "secondary", customId: "customId_2", row: 0  },
    { label: "Button", type: "success", customId: "customId_5", row: 0 },
    { label: "Button", type: "destructive", customId: "customId_3", row: 0 },
    { label: "Button", type: "link", url: "https://aoi.js.org/invite", row: 0 },
    { label: "Product Name – $2.99", type: "primary", customId: "premium_button", row: 1, "emoji-name": "👋", emoji: "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aoijs/website/refs/heads/main/public/premium-button.svg" },
    { label: "Product Name – $299.99", type: "primary", customId: "premium_button", row: 1, "emoji-name": "👋", emoji: "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aoijs/website/refs/heads/main/public/premium-button.svg" },
    ]}
/>

### Select Menu Parser

Select Menu Parser Usage:

```aoi
{selectMenu:customID:placeholder:minValue:maxValue:default(true / false):...options}

{stringInput:optionName:customID:optionDescription:default? (true / false):emoji?}

// for every option you want to add to the select menu, you can use the following:
{roleInput}

{channelInput}

{mentionableInput}

{userInput}
```

### Interaction Modal Parser

Interaction Modal Parser Usage:

```bash
{textInput:label:style:customID:required? (true / false):placeholder?:minLength?:maxLength?:defaultValue?}
```

## Parsers Examples

Below are simple examples of each parser and how to use them.

### Embed Parser

**Embed with title, footer, image and field.**

```bash
{newEmbed:{title:Another Awesome Example !}{image:https://cdn.discordapp.com/banners/773352845738115102/01e9a05d24039fe562bcc8ab95e721f8.webp?size=4096}{field:This is a field title!:And a field description which is not inline!:false}{footer:Example #2}}
```

<br />

<DiscordComponents
    client:load transition:persist
    client:only="react"
    bot=""
    embeds={[
        {
            title: "Another Awesome Example !",
            image: "https://cdn.discordapp.com/banners/773352845738115102/01e9a05d24039fe562bcc8ab95e721f8.webp?size=4096",
            fields: [
                {
                    title: "This is a field title!",
                    value: "And a field description which is not inline!",
                    inline: false
                }
            ],
            footer: "Example #2"
        }
    ]}
/>

---

### Components Parser

#### Button Parser

##### Two buttons each one in a different row.

```bash
{actionRow:{button:Button:secondary:button1}}{actionRow:{button:Button:primary:button2}}
```

<br />

<DiscordComponents
    client:load transition:persist
    client:only="react"
    bot="Two buttons each one in a different row."
    buttons={[
        { label: "Button", type: "secondary", customId: "button1", row: 0 },
        { label: "Button", type: "primary", customId: "button2", row: 1 }
    ]}
/>

##### Three buttons, one with emoji.

```bash
{actionRow:{button:Button:primary:button1:false}{button:Button:primary:button2:false}{button:Button:danger:button3:false:👋}}
```

<br />

<DiscordComponents
    client:load transition:persist
    client:only="react"
    bot="Three buttons, one with emoji."
    buttons={[
        { label: "Button", type: "primary", customId: "customId_1", row: 0 },
        { label: "Button", type: "primary", customId: "customId_2", row: 0 },
        { label: "Button", type: "destructive", customId: "customId_3", row: 0, "emoji-name": "👋", emoji: "https://www.svgrepo.com/show/407719/waving-hand.svg" }
    ]}
/>

#### Select Menu Parser

##### Single-Select Menu with two options

```bash
{actionRow:{selectMenu:customID:Placeholder:1:1:false:{stringInput:Option1:1:OptionDescription1:false:👋}{stringInput:Option2:2:OptionDescription2:false}}}
```

##### Multi-Select Menu with three options and a maximum of 2 selectable options

```bash
{actionRow:{selectMenu:customID:Placeholder:1:2:false:{stringInput:Option1:1:OptionDescription1:false:👋}{stringInput:Option2:2:OptionDescription2:false}{stringInput:Option3:3:OptionDescription3:false}}}
```

<br />

<DiscordComponents client:load transition:persist client:only="react"
    bot="Look at the components!"
    selectMenus={[{
        label: "I am a string select menu!",
        description: "This is a description!",
        disabled: false,
        options: [
            { label: "Option 1", description: "First option!", emoji: "https://www.svgrepo.com/show/407719/waving-hand.svg" },
            { label: "Option 2", description: "Second option!" },
        ],
    }, {
        label: "I am another string select menu!",
        placeholder: "Option2",
        description: "This is a description!",
        disabled: true,
        options: [
            { label: "Option 1", description: "First option!" },
            { label: "Option 2", description: "Second option!" },
        ],
    }]}
/>

#### Other Select Menus

:::tip

This applies to every other type (user, channel, mentionable)!

:::

##### User Select Menu

```bash
{actionRow:{selectMenu:customID:Placeholder:1:1:false:{userInput}}}
```

#### Interaction Modal Parser

##### Modal with two fields one being normal sized and the other being bigger.

```bash
{actionRow:{textInput:ExampleTitle1:1:customID1:true}}{actionRow:{textInput:ExampleTitle2:2:customID2:false}}
```
